This code is deployed at https://testingcallouts1.firebaseapp.com/
You can sign in with testing@gmail.com and Testing1
You can test the interactions by signing up, clicking user, then changing the bottom input to anything other than solo. Open incognito, and repeat the process on a separate account. You'll be able to see the button clicks and use the chat between the two browsers. 

This project was started to help clan mates within the Deaf Destiny Network experience end game content for the game called Destiny. At the time, I had no intentions of turning the programming hobby into a career, and 90% of the code from the initial versions of the site has been overwritten or lost to time. In the pictures folder I've included some images of older versions of the website as well as some design ideas.

The original site, Jarvis9940 (https://youtu.be/MLbqocNyzSA), was developed by James Stone at nomadjs.dev using PHP, Laravel, and Websockets. Based on my ideas for the communication interface, he built a template that I would then be able to modify to fit the needs of various activities. This wasn't difficult at all with my background in developing discordjs bots, wix sites, autohotkey scripts, and custom soundboard apps. Together, we were able to merge the features of all the previous projects and provide support for Destiny 2 from launch until the Spire of Stars raid came out. Shortly after this, James decided to pursue a different direction and shuttered the original site. He wanted to produce a platform that didn't require as much upkeep, one that would allow the community to build support for various games and activities from the front end. Unfortunately, before he could release the new site his priorities had to shift to focus on irl events.

After this point, I decided that I would build my own version of the website, one that would allow me to have better control over the code base, understand how it was put together, and push updates more frequently. This was a struggle. I thought the idea was novel so it would require a novel solution. Any time I asked another developer for assistance I would focus on the real time button interactions and not get a response. I didn't know that Jarvis9940 relied on websockets and at the time chat applications often had large delays betwen messages being sent and recieved. The majority of the first 6 months was spent on learning design and asking Google / other developers how to go about solving this problem. About 3 months after I found out about Google Firebase, I built the platform in html, css, and jquery so that it would use crud operations on a Firestore Database in order to sync events between chat rooms. I then spent the next 6 months implementing redesign after redesign of the landing page trying to get it just right. Truth is, landing pages are hard! There's almost always going to be something that someone can say about it. I finally based the design on Monument Valley II and the current deployment / code base is the final result.

At its peak, testingcallouts1 probably had 40+ clans relying on the platform for real time communication with one or more of their clanmates. The feedback I recieved from players using it to get into groups was a mixed bag though. Players that imported audio from a 3rd party voice chat to get speech to text didn't have the cleanest output, but it was able to pick up common call outs and allow them to more easily understand the team or send text to speech messages by exporting the audio to their microphone. This kind of setup was only for the technically inclined, and really helped them get into, and stay in more groups. The users that relied on inviting other gamers to the site had a problem with them never showing up. This is because the average gamer wants to reach their goals as quickly and as painlessly as possible. They will boot other players for being too young, so having to sign up for a site and use a different communication method was out of the question. I tried to resolve this in the react variant of the website but it wasn't much better as the average gamer still sees too much work involved in the setup. This is why I created two separate landing pages for the nextjs site so that each group could be targeted directly. 

Overall, this site and it's many many revisions were a solid proof of concept for what would become Callouts Evolved https://youtu.be/gmLxcVP-png. 
Further proof of this can be seen in the articles below:
https://dm.reddit.com/r/DestinyTheGame/comments/78x051/a_special_event_for_and_with_deaf_destiny_players/
https://www.pcgamer.com/meet-the-deaf-destiny-2-players-who-raid-using-a-custom-made-comms-app/
https://gamerant.com/destiny-vault-of-glass-raid-sound/
http://blog.game084.com/archives/52230489.html
https://youtu.be/0gIMe90QHD8
